today took off on repair my camera and
I decided to show you this camera
I found her in the garbage
how in the garbage neighbors you thrown in
the garbage I was going to look I stuck it so
on the basis of the handle is fixed these
hot melt adhesive to the camp mode, buy
so here means too
I took it off for cleaning here too
glue fixed in camera mode here
it at me, you see the transmitter
cassette tulips there just no
sorry for a good microphone she has a good zoom
optics
sorry to throw out and in general I did for
she's such
transfer found such a box
Antenna made antenna means it turns out
here the length now I will tell you how much 1
antennae so where is 5 centimeters in four
and a half is necessary for 1200 megahertz
took the tulips
bit off audio and video
two holes now show how she is
I look like I'll unscrew it inside
conveniently aks shek and here I live
transfers hot melt flooded so not
made
not very much beauty here is the transmitter
antenna power sound
everything is simple and clear now its cleaner
will wash
and she will work for me again photo
how is it installed
leave here saw
so that
don't go let's get old things like this
she fastened now show in action
a little further away from and also lined with quickly
just cheek us such a mobile transmitter
and earned a formidable eye
big brother watching you let's
turn on the chick caught fire light with us
the green one is the battery battery
compartment
video peephole from here video finder i
honestly
steal for video glasses wanted video glasses
do well as long as he lies so there and
the little kinescope chick is still the camera
old so this is also in the project as well
faithfully serves and transmits well 100
meters transmitter this shakes
fine
he was still just pin 10
centimeters I made such an antenna 120
degrees four and a half
a centimeter each shoulder so here so
I use old things so that they are not
throw out so dumping all overwhelmed
Now the camera will be still technical
maintenance and will continue to work here
if you liked the video, put your finger
up and thank you all for your attention